Key,UsedInMainMenu,Source,Context,Changes,English,French,German,Klingon,Spanish,Polish
cntMedicineCabinetLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet 
cntCabinetBottomLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Bottom 
cntCupboardCabinetRedTopLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Red Top 
cntCabinetOldBottomLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Old Bottom 
cntCupboardCabinetOldTopLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Old Top 
cntNightstandLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Night Stand 
cntMedicineCabinetFaucetLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet Faucet 
cntWoodDesk01Locked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Wood Desk 01 
cntMetalDesk02Locked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Metal Desk 02 
cntFileCabinetShortLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Short 
cntFileCabinetTallLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Tall 
cntLockersShortLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Short 
cntLockersTallLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall 
cntLockersTallMixLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix 
cntLockersTallMixLinkLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix Link 
cntCashRegisterLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cash Register 
cntLuggageMediumLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Medium 
cntLuggageBigLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Big 
cntPillCaseLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Pill Case 
cntToolBoxLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Tool Box 
cntRollingToolBoxLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Rolling Tool Box 
cntLuggagePileALocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Pile A 
cntLuggagePileBLocked,blocks,Container,KgNone,Luggage Pile B 
cntTiltTruckFullFliesEmpty,blocks,Container,KgNone,Tilt Truck Full Flies Empty
cntMunitionsBoxInsecure,blocks,Container,KgNone,Munitions Box Insecure
cntMunitionsBoxEmpty,blocks,Container,KgNone,Munitions Box Empty
cntDumpsterInsecure,blocks,Container,KgNone,Dumpster Insecure
cntDumpsterEmpty,blocks,Container,KgNone,Dumpster Empty
cntDumpsterFliesInsecure,blocks,Container,KgNone,Dumpster Flies Insecure
cntDumpsterFliesEmpty,blocks,Container,KgNone,Dumpster Flies Empty
CabinetBottom,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Bottom
CupboardCabinetRedTopClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Red Top
CabinetOldBottom,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cabinet Old Bottom
MicrowaveOvenClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Microwave Oven
MedicineCabinetClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet
CupboardCabinetOldTopClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cupboard Cabinet Old Top
StoveOldClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Stove Old
RetroFridgeClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Retro Fridge
FridgeStainlessSteel,blocks,Container,KgNone,Fridge Stainless Steel
NightstandClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Night stand
MedicineCabinetFaucetClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Medicine Cabinet Faucet
WoodDesk01Closed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Wood Desk
MetalDeskClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Metal Desk
FileCabinetShortClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Short
FileCabinetTallClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,File Cabinet Tall
CoolerClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Cooler
LockersShortClosed,blocks,Container,Lockers Short
LockersTallClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall
LockersTallDoubleClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Double
LockersTallMixClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix
LockersTallMixLinkClosed,blocks,Container,KgNone,Lockers Tall Mix Link
BookcaseFull,blocks,Container,KgNone,Book Case